---
title: "Season 4, 2025"
desc: "The end of an absolutely mammoth year"
draft: false
---  

In a year of huge seasons, season 4 did not relent. Kicking off with a big trip to Melbourne and Sydney and continuing to be pretty jam packed all the way up to the end is honestly just par for the course for 2025. 

## Goals from this season
\> **Make a new friend at MIGW / SXSW**  
Mission accomplished! Met a few nice people in the southern states from all over the country (and the world, really!) Writing this now is reminding me I should probably reach out to them and let them know it was nice to meed them hehe. I already did a whole write-up about [MIGW & SXSW 2025](/journal/MIGW-SXSW-2025), so give it a read if you're interested.

\> **Cancel on things (or at least be late)**  
Writing this goal down did give me license to put myself first a bit more and be in tune with my own needs. There was only one instance I can remember where I actually cancelled on something because I wasn't feeling it, but I was able to loosen up on punctuality pressure for both myself and others which I think is good.

\> **Dedicate a few hours for chilling each week**  
I've written this as a goal before, and I've never followed through (tbh, it's silly to have a goal that is "plan something" like, just make the plan now, buster). I think it's a reflex for feeling overwhelmed and out of control. I took some steps to prioritise sleep and some recharge time this season and I think I've reached an understanding of my energy levels (something I've struggled with all year). Next step for this is being able to anticipate if something is going to send me into an energy deficit. I'll be keeping tabs.

\> **Gear up for 2026**  
As everything's wound down, I honestly haven't thought much about 2026. There are a few projects carrying through to the new year, which is reassuring, but largely there isn't anything huge looming on the horizon. I guess this very post is acting as a part of this goal?  

\> **Develop a music practise & composition routine**  
I did manage to sit at the piano a lot more than is usual this season. Counterintuitively, this wasn't due to effective goal setting or carefully laid out plans, but instead, a commitment to just being at the piano. Czerny has been a mainstay, and has helped my technique in a pretty short amount of time. I've also been grinding some Bach and Debussy to keep things challenging.   
I'm not going to be performing and recitals any time soon, but this helps me feel more adept, and less floundering when I need my fingers to be ready to play something. I'm hoping I can focus my piano time a little more in the new year when I can be more intentioned with my time and schedule. Really getting deep into some jazz stuff will be the next road to go down I think.  

In terms of overall recap, MIGW and SXSW really took the limelight this season, and as I said earlier, [they got their own recap](/journal/MIGW-SXSW-2025). As I had anticipated, October was pretty much a write off, as was December with mostly residency wind down stuff and the holidays in the last two weeks. November didn't really have anything of note going on, so that pretty much concludes the recap haha! As you can see below I did end up watching and playing a bunch of stuff in my trip recovery week and when I had the flu for a week (lame). Totally fine, just not very exiting to write about here lol.

---  

## Media Log  
### Movies  
- Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (2011)
- Elevator to the Gallows (1958)
- High & Low (1963)  
- Killer Klowns from Outer Space (1988)
- Mr. Vampire (1985)
- Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn (1982)
- Frankenstein (2025)
- Ghost in the Shell (1995)
- The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall (2011)
- Jaws (1975, In concert)
- How to Steal a Million (1966)
- Sudden Fear (1952)
- Conclave (2024)
- Wake Up Dead Man (2025)
- Whoever Slew Auntie Roo? (1972)
- Gremlins (1984)
- Back to the Future (1985)
- Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith (2005)
- Desperado (1995)
- Tom-Yum-Goog (2005)

### TV
- Community (2009-15)
- Parks & Recreation (2010-12)
- Baseball World Series final (2025)
- Frieren (2024)

### Games
- Dragon Quest II (1987)
- Absolum (2025)
- Kingdom Hearts 2 (2005)
- ALIEN the Roleplaying game (TTRPG, 2019)
- RV There Yet? (2025)
- Little Nightmares (2017)
- Pokemon: Violet (2022)
- Kirby Air Riders (2025)
- Arc Raiders (2025)
- Retun of the Obra Dinn (2018)
- Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc (2010)
- Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team (2005)
- Ghost Recon: Wildlands (2017)
- The Outlast Trials (2024)
- Nechronica (TTRPG, 2017)
- Armored Core VI: Fires of Rubicon (2023)
- Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots (2008)
- Quake Brutalist Jam 2 (2023)
- Detroit: Become Human (2018)

### Music
- Big Brain Academy Brain vs Brain OST (2021)
- Snowpack Park OST (2010)

### Books
- The Employees (Ravn, 2020)
- The Art of Asking your Boss for a Raise (Perec/Bellos, 1968/2011)

---  

## 2025 year in review!

I don't want to bloat this entry out into something massive so here are some fun stats and facts from this year:  

-  Took part in **Screen Queensland Residency**!  
    (The main focus of the year, spent with some wonderful people. Extremely grateful for this one.)
- Released a [little EP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HomCXnjfJ4I) of music!
- Performed **Crash Bandicoot 2 live with SPU**!  
    (A big achievement defs want to bring this back in 2026.)
- Left my day job and **started freelancing**.  
    (Important to recognise this was only possible due to a huge number of privileges in my life. Definitely want to try and make the most of this while I can.)
- Produced **~21 pieces of music**.  
    (Absolutely want this number to be bigger next year)
- Started work on **4 big game projects**.  
    (All of which are continuing into next year wahoo!)
- Finally dove deep into **FMOD**.  
    (Excited to really get into the nitty gritty of some full projects in the new year.)
- Released **2 jam games**!  
    ([We Have You Surrounded](https://oscarno.itch.io/we-have-you-surrounded) and [Dead Ears](https://swampsnail.itch.io/dead-ears))
- Showed at **5 games industry events**, including pitching to publishers!
- Played my first **TTRPG campaign** to conclusion.  
    (shocking it took this long tbh. Will defs be one of the most memorable campaigns I've taken part in.)
- Played at least **6 different TTRPG systems** >:)
- Hosted an **open mic comedy night** for my bday
- Watched **82 movies**
- Played **58 games**
- Read **too few books** to bother measuring lol
- **Biggest solo trip** in my life  
    (Melbourne & Sydney. Won't be doing that again next year I hope)
- Got myself a **new office chair and shelves**.  
    (vibes are way better in the studio now hell yeah)
- **Learned a whole frickin lot about myself**!  
    (Way more sure of my boundaries and needs now than I was at the beginning of the year. Will keep working to act on them appropriately)

A truly standout year for me personally. Heaps of accomplishments and lots of stuff kicked off (which will ideally mean lots more cool stuff in the years to come). 

---

## Forecast: The whole of 2026
The year's end is a perfect time to look forward a bit further than just one season, so let's scope out 2026 as a whole. There are lots of things I would like to do in the new year, and I definitely won't be able to do them all at once. Here's some I can think of right now:  

- **Make music incessantly**  
    I want to improve my proficiency and confidence with making music. Part of this comes down to making time for myself, and also stying diciplined. I'm confident I can tackle this in 2026, and I'm hoping to even share some of the stuff on this here website.  
- **Stream more**  
    I enjoy live streaming, and I think it could be beneficial for me in many ways. I want to establish a consistent schedule which includes both working and games streams. 
- **More SPU!**  
    I've said it before and I'll say it again: SPU was a great experience and I want to work with those fantastic musicians again! Looking to perform more Crash shows and hopefully add another game to the repertoire.
- **Try to stay afloat through the whole year**  
    I'm in the fortunate position of being self employed right now, but I know that it's not going to be easy to keep it that way. Tough decisions will need to be made, but I'm hopeful that I can keep it rolling for the rest of the year.
- **Become a house plant guy**  
    This is a small one, but our place is in serious need of some greenery, and we haven't been able to sustain plants since we moved in. So now is the time to learn the ins and outs of plant care.  
- **Publish more games**  
    I really enjoy working on small projects that can be released before you have a chance to second guess them. Already got one jam lined up for January, and I'll be keeping my eye out for more throughout the year.
- **Do Games Week again**  
    I've enjoyed MIGW every time I've gone, and I'd like to go again. This year, the financials are going to be particularly restrictive, which means I'll have to look for grants or tickets through giving talks or smth. 
- **Start doing local audio meetups**  
    Since covid, the local games audio scene has become more scattered, and I'm hoping to bring it back. It's not going to be easy, but I think it will strengthen the local scene a lot. I'm planning on starting super small, but I'm defs hoping it will grow to something more self-sustaining.
- **Work more publicly**  
    Again, since I'm going to be a lot more isolated this year, it will be important that I share my work (expecially online). I've struggled with this before, but making it a core part of the process will ideally make it easier.
- **Keep tinkering away at this website** (and [memorycardaudio.com](memorycardaudio.com))  
    
    

The trickiest part of most of these is that they are ongoing, long term goals that kind of need to be persistently worked on...and they all feel important! Okay let's shelve these goals for a sec and have a look at 2026 in terms of key dates:

> Jan 30 : Global Game Jam  
Feb 15 & Mar 5 : Games Grants deadlines  
Mar 15: Project DP Milestone  
Mar 30 - Apr 6 : Break time (End of Season 1)  
\================  
May 18 : My Bday :)  
Jun 30 - Jul 5 : Break time (End of Season 2)  
(Jul 3 : Project DP Milestone. tricky timing.)  
\================  
Jul ?? : Project OT Complete?  
Aug 15 : Games Grants Deadlines (estimated)  
Sep 21 - Oct 1 : Break Time (End of Season 3)  
\================  
Oct 2 - 11 : MIGW (estimated)  
Dec ?? : Project MB Complete?  
Dec 21 - Jan 3 : Break Time (End of Season 4)  

Not too hectic at the moment, but things are bound to stack up as time rolls forward. I think deep in my heart I'm hoping things don't go too hectic and I can sit down and focus on my stuff, but that's freaking hard when there's always interesting things going on. As I said before, I think the working publicly thing will be important as there's less face to face stuff going on.  

This year I appreciated keeping Games Week in mind throughout the year. It's kind of the big showcase for everything one has worked on throughout the year, and it's good to have it as a horizon line that isn't just the year's end. I'm going to keep that in mind again, even if I don't end up making my way down there.  

ANYWAY let's take all of that on board and have a look at Season 1 for 2026!

---

## Goals: Season 1, 2026
**\> Learn about plant keeping, and get some indoor plants 🪴**  
We've just finished our bing spring clean here, and we've got lots of little spots where plants would be perfect. In the past, plants have been off the brain radar and just been left to perish unceremoniously, but now I am ready and filled with green passion. I'll probably acrue them slowly, but i'm ready for the vibes to increase in here. If you've got any tips, I'm all ears so send the my way. There will probably be some casualties, but those plants will not be sacrificed in vain.  

**\> Have the first local Game Audio meetup 🎧**  
Finding a venue is going to be annoying but would love to get a small group of peeps together for the first dedicated audio meet. There's already heaps of social stuff going on in the gamedev scene here, so finding a time that works might be a little tricky, but I'm confident we can get something rolling.  

**\> Stream twice a week 📺**  
This is an aggressive goal, but I think just once a week is too infrequent and doesn't encourage regularity. I can usually comfortably fit in a Thursday night game stream, but a work stream during the week would be sick I reckon. Not sure which day yet, Tuesday is probably best for visibility, and it would mean I would be incentivised to put some focus time into making stuff - hell yeah.

It feels like there's a lot of other stuff I want to include here but would just make things too jumbled. I'm obvs going to be trying to enhance my game audio capabilities, but I think that's such an overarching focus that it can kind of go without being written here, which is nice tbh.
Along with all this I feel there's going to be a lot of self check ins this season as well. Jumping headfirst into a whole new routine is going to need some adjusting to get right, so I'll report back with how the shift went and what I'm looking to change in season 2. 

---

Alrighty, feels like it's about time to wrap this up. 2025 was a banana bonky year, and I hope to propel that energy through to 2026.
Thanks for reading, and I wish you all the best for the year ahead!  
As always, live your dream,  
Oscar 